# Exercise 5 reference repository

## What is this?

This repository holds a full solution to the PT I exercise 5 of winter term 2022/23. It is intended for reference use by any students taking PT II in the summer term 2024, as they have not done this specific exercise before, but exercise 1 of this term's PT II relies on that.

## Who wrote this shit?

Mostly me. It is my submission (together with another student) from back then. As for privacy concerns, I've squashed all commits into one, effectively resetting the repository to only show my name on it. However, the particular student in question knows that he/she has been working with me, and I have no intention of denying his/her impact on this solution. On demand, I will reference him/her in the README.

## Where's the old README?

Gone.

No, seriously, I got no clue where the tasks are, the old README was just the default README generated by GitHub. Tasks (listed by the names of their corresponding executables) were as follows:

* `caesar`: Encrypts and decrypts text using the [caesar cipher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher).
* `dec2rom`: Transcripts ***dec***imal number into ***rom***an literals.
* `grading_tasks`: This is the exercise you actually need. Implements a few basic operations on a linked list using function pointers.
* `teststack`: Implements a basic stack with the basic operations.

## What the hell have you done to that poor Makefile?

Granted. Just run either

```bash
make all
```

or

```bash
make <target>
```

with `<target>` being the name of the executable as listed under the [tasks](#wheres-the-old-readme). To clean up the mess, run

```bash
make clean
```
